Ebs2s3 provides a simple way to schedule regular snapshots of EBS volumes to S3.

== Getting Started

First, grab the application:

  git clone git://github.com/ajmfulcher/ebs2s3.git ebs2s3

Next, install required gems, and set up the database:

  cd ebs2s3
  bundle install
  rake db:migrate

Update config/appconfig.yml with your Amazon EC2 account details, and you're ready to go, using something like:

  script/rails s -d

Navigate to http://127.0.0.1:3000 and you'll be prompted to create your first admin user.  You'll be able to add others later on.

== Creating a first job

Once you log in, you'll see an (empty) listing of snapshot jobs.  Let's fix this.

Click on the "new job" link, and you'll be taken through to a listing of your EBS volumes.  To schedule a new job, click "Create Snapshot Job".
Most of the job creation fields are pretty self-explanatory.  "Copies" specifies the maximum number of snapshpots to be retained; once this
limit is reached, the oldest snapshots created by the scheduler are deleted.  Don't worry if you've created snapshots manually: Ebs2s3 won't
touch these.

== User administration

To change the password of the current user, click on the user's name in the top-right corner of the web interface.  You can also
create new users from this screen.

== Bugs?

Plenty!  But if you come across one, feel free to fix and open a pull request...

== Copyright

Copyright 2011, Andrew Fulcher

Ebs2s3 is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 
Ebs2s3 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Ebs2s3.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
